README.md, before:

# TV Show Tracker

## Application Functions:
- Make a list of shows to watch
  - Be able to update list with more shows user wants to or plans to watch
- Make a list of shows currently watching
  - Be able to track which season and episode of a show the user is currently on in this list
- Make of lists of shows that have been seen
  - Be able to give a rating to each show, by season or by whole show

## Who Will Use:
- Users interested making a lists of shows they've seen and what the rating of each show is
- Users who want to keep track of what shows they are watching and what season and episode they are currently on
- Users who want to make a to-watch list 
- Users interested in marking what shows are their favourite shows

## Why Project is of Interest:
I am interested in keeping track of shows I have already watched or am currently watching, as well as give a rating to 
the show to express how much I enjoyed it. I would like to save shows by personal favourite. This application will be
useful to me because if I ever want to remember which shows I have seen, and if they were shows I was entertained by, I
can simply refer back to the TV Show Tracker, especially if the amount of shows I've seen start accumulating, and I 
start to forget some even existed.

## User Stories (Old and ToDo)
- As a user, I want to be able to have a list of shows I want to watch and update the list with shows I have not seen 
yet that interest me or that I will want to watch
- As a user, I want to be able to have a list of shows I am currently watching, and be able to update which season and 
episode that I am currently on with all of these shows in the list
- As a user, I want to be able to have a list of shows I have completed, as well as have a rating for these shows should
I choose to give them a rating, per season and for the whole show
- As a user, I would like to have a favourites list of show that I can add any show I personally liked
- As a user, I would like to be able to remove or update ratings of a show or a show's season
- As a user, I would like to remove shows from any of the lists I've assigned them to
- As a user, I would like to reassign shows from one list to another

## User Stories (Realized)
- As a user, I want to be able to add an arbitrary number of shows to one of these television lists: 'Plan to Watch',
'Currently Watching', 'Completed', and 'Favourite Shows'.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove an existing show from one of the television lists
- As a user, I want to view the shows added to the television lists
- As a user, I want to set a rating for a show in one of the television lists

Commit message:

P2: Added data persistence to application

README.md, after:

# TV Show Tracker

## Application Functions:
- Make a list of shows to watch
  - Be able to update list with more shows user wants to or plans to watch
- Make a list of shows currently watching
  - Be able to track which season and episode of a show the user is currently on in this list
- Make of lists of shows that have been seen
  - Be able to give a rating to each show, by season or by whole show

## Who Will Use:
- Users interested making a lists of shows they've seen and what the rating of each show is
- Users who want to keep track of what shows they are watching and what season and episode they are currently on
- Users who want to make a to-watch list 
- Users interested in marking what shows are their favourite shows

## Why Project is of Interest:
I am interested in keeping track of shows I have already watched or am currently watching, as well as give a rating to 
the show to express how much I enjoyed it. I would like to save shows by personal favourite. This application will be
useful to me because if I ever want to remember which shows I have seen, and if they were shows I was entertained by, I
can simply refer back to the TV Show Tracker, especially if the amount of shows I've seen start accumulating, and I 
start to forget some even existed.

## User Stories (Realized)
- As a user, I want to be able to add an arbitrary number of shows to one of these television lists: 'Plan to Watch',
'Currently Watching', 'Completed', and 'Favourite Shows'.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove an existing show from one of the television lists
- As a user, I want to view the shows added to the television lists
- As a user, I want to set a rating for a show in one of the television lists
- As a user, I would like to save the changes I've made to each of my TV lists and the shows on them
- As a user, I would like to have an option to load previously saved changes the next time I run my TV application
